Update microsoft-defender-endpoint-mac.md (#4738)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-endpoint-mac.md

Beta versions of macOS are not supported.

> MAC Systems with M1 processors are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS devices with M1 processors are not supported.
```
